= wizardz

Multi-Step Creation Wizard

Design to provide a framework for creating multi-step wizard which can have multiple
models and user-selectable steps ordering based on user input within earlier steps.

The Gem is provides a Wizardz::Wizard class which is exposed to the Controller and
manages the various steps within the creation process and a Wizardz::Page class
with represents the individendual pages within the Wizardz.  Both class are designed
to be inherited from within the final implementation and expose the following methods:

Wizardz::Wizard
---------------
STATES      => Constant which contains the HASH of Page Identifier and Page Class pairs
def create  => Combines the data for the Associated Pages and create the required Objects

Wizardz::Page
---------------
IDENTIFER                     => Identifier lookup which should match to the Page
                                 Identifier from The Wizardz::Wizard:STATES Constant
PARTIAL                       => Contant name of the Partial to be displayed within
                                 the view for the page
def initialize(data)          => Load the required Attributes onto the Page Class
                                 (set any default values here)
def get_valid_states(states)  => Update the list page transistion order after page data update
def get_object                => Return instance of the underlying object (in memory
                                 only - do not save to table) (only required if
                                 page_object and valid NOT overwritten
def page_object               => return object instance (with valid? call if page
                                 has already been visited)
def valid?                    => return true/false if object is valid (default
                                 implementation calls valid? on get_object)

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 David Henry. See LICENSE for details.
